Add core implementation of Warzone (#5)
genjidb/warzone: README.md

# Warzone

> The Genji's warzone is a place where we monitor queries time complexity.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The Warzone monitors Genji's behavior across releases, using different scenarios.
```

> You can find in this [GDrive folder](https://drive.google.com/drive/u/0/folders/1bR4Sj1SEBmBxm3Mpl4bLzmoo-9ulFnW0?ths=true) some spreadsheets that contain charts. Each chart represents a scenario. A scenerio may contain one or many queries, it depends on what do we want to monitor. The X axis represents how many time the scenario has been ran and the Y axis represents the duration for each run in ms.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Generated charts are uploaded to the following [GDrive folder](https://drive.google.com/drive/u/0/folders/1bR4Sj1SEBmBxm3Mpl4bLzmoo-9ulFnW0?ths=true). Each chart represents a scenario and each cenario may contain one or more queries. The X axis represents how many time the scenario has been run and the Y axis represents the duration for each run in ms.
```

> For now, we will generate a new spreadsheet every new release to see if it has a good or a bad impact.

Reviewer: Not necessary
```suggestion
```

## Usage

The warzone may be used locally by following the steps below.

First, clone the repository
```
git clone git@github.com:genjidb/warzone.git
```

> Then, compile the program with the Makefile

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Then, compile the program using the Makefile
```
